>> Richard Feldman: We'll
start with the author decoder.
We're going to use this profile and
this user name to decode an author.
Hint decoderHelp will help here but
slightly altering it's type
may make things easier.
Let's take a little bit
of decoderHelp here.
So decoderHelp takes maybe
cred takes the profile, and
it takes the user name, and it then
proceeds to use them to decode stuff.
So if we have credentials, if we,
sorry, if we don’t have credentials,
then it says okay, if I’m logged out
then I’m definitely not following you.
So this is where we get
the unfollowed author.
If we are logged in,
then we might be following you.
But we might also be this is me.
So this is sort of that three way split
that we talked about earlier with
the author.
Where it's either I'm following this
person, I'm not following this person, or
this person is me.
So we're starting off by detecting,
okay, is this me?
If so, then great, then we will succeed
with IsView, IsViewer, and otherwise,
we will be like, okay, I'm gonna use
the non-viewer decoder, which is another
helper that essentially checks to see
whether or not we are following them,
in-according to the json and
then succeeds or fails accordingly.
Worth noting that this
is actually optional.
So, if the following is not there, then we
say okay, if there's no info on whether
we're following this person,
that means that we are not following them.
And depending on how this thing is being
used, it's used in a couple different
places, that may or may not be present
on the JSON object we're getting back.
Worth noting, that because of the way that
this is doing these things it actually
doesn't even bother decoding the following
field unless it's already checked to see
if we're logged out in which case no
need doesn't matter we're definitely not
following them and we've also checked
to see whether we're the viewer or not.
If we are the viewer,
then again it doesn't matter we
don't need to bother decoding it.
Okay.
So that's what decoderHelp does.
Now what's this bit about
this would be useful, but
with a slightly different type.
Well, what are we going to decode into
when we want to make this author.
I mean, decoderHelp will
ultimately give us an author.
But it's not quite what we want because,
essentially at this point we've
got custom Profile.decoder And they've
also got required user name decoder.
So let's say that I were to put
decoderHelp right into here.
Well, that's clearly not going to work
because the first argument is it needs
to take those credentials so that it can
do the logic to branch on these things.
Let's say that we took it
a little bit further and we said,
decoderHelp may be cred
>> Richard Feldman: Let's run L make
on this.
>> Richard Feldman: Actually
let's just run L make on author.
>> Richard Feldman: So
we don't see any of the other mistakes.
Okay, something is off with
the body of the decoded definition.
The body is decoder of decoder author, but
the type of annotation that decoder
says it should be decoder author.
What's going off that?
Well it's interesting,
the problem here is that what we've
said here is I'm giving this a decoder.
But what it wants is it actually
wants some sort of other thing,
like it wants like something
that's actually going to resolve.
It wants, not a decoder author,
but rather an actual author.
That's not gonna really work out for
us because what we have here is we have
potentially success, and
we have potentially failure.
We have decode dot sixteen in some
branches and failure in other branches.
Mm, if only we had a way to take a decoder
and then bridge it into either success or
failure, depending on what happened,
which of course, we do.
We have a decode dot M den.
So let's hold off on figuring out what's
gonna go here for a second and say,
well ultimately, after we successfully
decode the profile and the user name
Let's say that we want to continue
on with Decode.andThen decoderHelp.
Okay.
So if we were able to do that, or,
sorry, decoderHelp passing maybeCred.
If we were able to do that,
then we'd be all set.
We would be able to successfully
continue the decoding process and
it could potentially fail if
the decoding succeeded or, sorry,
if the decoding failed somewhere
later on in the pipeline.
So how would we possibly
go about doing that?
Well, decoderHelp takes one argument,
which is maybeCred, and
then it takes two more arguments.
But it doesn't have to.
I mean, Decode.succeed could be,
for example, Tuple.pair.
And then inside decoderHelp,
we could say I actually just want
these two to be stapled together.
And then, I can destructure
them in line in the arguments.
And now, we've got something that's
actually quite convenient to work with.
So we start by succeeding it to tuple.pair
which is going to just staple these two
together.
It'll give us a profile as well as
a username inside of a tuple and
then it's going to call Decode.andThen
passing that tuple as the other
argument to decoderHelp.
At which point we destructure it,
move along, and Bob's your uncle.
So, let's take a look at what that does.
It compiles.
So we've downloaded successfully decoded
the profile, decoded the user name, and
then gone on to decode the rest of the
author, potentially failing along the way,
depending on what happens in
these various different branches.
So that's the first of two,
but we had another to do,
which was over here in timestamp.
So this is our ISO-8601 decoder, and
this one we're going to use
Decode.andThen more directly.
So it says, use the following function
to decode this Time.Posix value.
Iso8601.toTime That takes a string,
followed by a result, and
we don't care about the error type here.
So, we're just gonna ignore that, and
then a time.pause for the success value.
All right.
So, the way I like to start off
by writing things like this is,
just focus on what's the first
thing we want to decode.
In this case that's a string.
So, I say decode.string and
once we've got that,
then we're just gonna pipe
it to Decode.andThen.
And I'm just gonna call this decoderHelp.
So what is decoderHelp gonna do?
Well, and, then always takes a function
which starts by taking this incessantly
decoded value, which in this
case is going to be a string.
And then returns a decoder
of the desired value.
We'll just say a Time.Posix.
Okay, now that we've got the types written
out, we know that we're gonna get a string
and we want to use this somehow to
either return a success decoder or
a failure decoder.
So we're gonna call
Iso8601.toTime on the string.
That's gonna give us back as we can
now see here, a result so we're
gonna do a case on that if the result
was successful, then we've got sometime.
And we will decode .succeed with .time.
And if it failed,
we're gonna ignore the error message and
say, NO IT DIDN'T WORK.
All right, let's see if that compiles.
You know what?
I think I can just go back to
compiling main now because, author,
we already know, works.
Hey, success, it compiles.